It's time for another exercise we've learned how to create a stack data structure.
But what about a new data structure.
Luckily for us a lot of the principals are going to be the same.
And if you are able to understand how the stack data structure works then you should have no problem
building a new data structure.
I've created a template to start us off here.
And your job is to create these three methods pick which we're familiar with.
We want to peek and get the very first item in our queue or our line as I like to call it.
And in our constructor instead of having top and bottom like we did with a stack we have first and last
who's first in line who's lost in line.
And obviously a length of zero.
And your job is to create and fill out these methods on cue.
Remember is to add to the Q and dequeue is to remove from the queue.
Remember that the difference between a stack that uses pop is that dequeue removes from the front of
the list whatever is first.
And again if you want.
You can create another method called is empty.
And your goal is to create this queue so that you can create a waitlist map where Joy gets in line.
Then Matt gets in line.
Then Pavel gets in line.
Then sumir gets in line and then you're killing them one by one with first come first serve basis.
Good luck and I'll see you in the solution video.